This is the Supreme VIP.
How is that possible?
You poor man
How could Su Wanqing have a Supreme VIP?
This one must be fake
Su Wanqing, are you Secretary Su?
Yes!
The little manager just called you this morning
Manager, don't be fooled by him
How could he be Secretary Su?
Besides, Mr. Fan's fiancee is already here.
Chu Chu is also there
Where is he? He is Secretary Su
Why is Fan Dasen here?
No, I have to leave.
It was Mr. Fan
Why don't you quickly apologize to Secretary Su?
You idiot, sorry for Secretary Su
We are blind
Let's go
Mr. Fan is too coincidental
You can meet them all here
Why is the bastard here?
Haha.
I have something to do
Go first, bye, hey, don't go
Leave him alone.
Chu Chu seems to be in the store too
So you didn't buy clothes for yourself?
It was for Chu Chu
Heh heh
Those men's models are good.
Pack it all for me
Mr. Fan, how do you like this style?
I have good taste
Omori, why are you here?